NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of March 15, 2025 ("Effective Date") by and between InnovateTech Inc. ("Disclosing Party") and GreenField Ventures LLC ("Receiving Party").

1. PURPOSE
1.1 The parties wish to explore a potential business relationship concerning the Disclosing Partys proprietary AI-powered analytics platform ("Purpose").
1.2 In connection with the Purpose, each party may disclose Confidential Information to the other party.

2. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
2.1 "Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by either party that is: (a) marked as confidential; (b) identified as confidential at the time of disclosure; or (c) should reasonably be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and circumstances of disclosure.
2.2 Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, business plans, financial data, customer lists, technical specifications, source code, algorithms, product roadmaps, and marketing strategies.

3. OBLIGATIONS
3.1 The Receiving Party shall: (a) hold all Confidential Information in strict confidence; (b) not disclose Confidential Information to any third party without prior written consent; (c) use Confidential Information solely for the Purpose.
3.2 The Receiving Party shall protect Confidential Information using the same degree of care it uses to protect its own confidential information, but in no event less than reasonable care.

4. EXCLUSIONS
4.1 Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the Receiving Party; (b) was known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure; (c) is independently developed without use of Confidential Information; (d) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation.

5. TERM
5.1 This Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of two (2) years from the Effective Date.
5.2 Confidential Information shall be returned or destroyed upon termination or request.

6. REMEDIES
6.1 The Receiving Party acknowledges that any breach may cause irreparable harm for which monetary damages would be inadequate.
6.2 The Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity.
6.3 The Receiving Party shall be liable for all damages arising from any unauthorized disclosure.

7. GOVERNING LAW
7.1 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
8.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof.
