SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of January 1, 2025 ("Effective Date") by and between TechCorp Inc. ("Client") and DataFlow Solutions LLC ("Service Provider").

1. SCOPE OF SERVICES
1.1 Service Provider shall provide the following services to Client: data analytics consulting, dashboard development, and ongoing technical support ("Services").
1.2 Service Provider shall perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner consistent with industry standards.

2. TERM AND TERMINATION
2.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of twelve (12) months unless terminated earlier.
2.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party.
2.3 Client may terminate this Agreement immediately for cause if Service Provider breaches any material term of this Agreement.
2.4 This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then-current term.

3. COMPENSATION
3.1 Client shall pay Service Provider a monthly fee of $10,000 for the Services.
3.2 Payment is due within fifteen (15) days of invoice date.
3.3 Late payments shall incur a penalty of 1.5% per month on the outstanding balance.
3.4 All fees are non-refundable.

4. INDEMNIFICATION
4.1 Service Provider shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Client, its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or relating to any breach of this Agreement by Service Provider.
4.2 Service Provider shall be liable for all direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, and punitive damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement, regardless of the cause of action or the theory of liability, even if Service Provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
4.3 Client shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Service Provider from and against any and all claims arising out of or relating to Clients use of the Services.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
5.1 All work product, deliverables, and materials created by Service Provider in connection with the Services shall be the sole and exclusive property of Client.
5.2 Service Provider retains all rights, title, and interest in its pre-existing intellectual property and tools.
5.3 Service Provider grants Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free license to use any tools or methodologies used in providing the Services.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY
6.1 Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all proprietary information received from the other party.
6.2 Confidentiality obligations shall survive termination of this Agreement for a period of three (3) years.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 Service Providers total aggregate liability under this Agreement shall not exceed the fees paid by Client in the twelve (12) months preceding the claim.

8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
8.1 Any disputes arising under this Agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
8.2 The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees and costs.

9. GOVERNING LAW
9.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
10.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations, and agreements.
