SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of January 1, 2025 ("Effective Date") by and between TechCorp Inc. ("Client") and DataFlow Solutions LLC ("Service Provider").

1. SCOPE OF SERVICES
1.1 Service Provider shall provide the following services to Client: data analytics consulting, dashboard development, and ongoing technical support ("Services").
1.2 Service Provider shall perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner consistent with industry standards.
1.3 Service Provider shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in performing the Services.

2. TERM AND TERMINATION
2.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of twenty-four (24) months unless terminated earlier.
2.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days written notice to the other party.
2.3 Client may terminate this Agreement immediately for cause if Service Provider breaches any material term of this Agreement.
2.4 This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive twenty-four (24) month periods unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then-current term.
2.5 Upon termination, Service Provider shall deliver all work product to Client within fifteen (15) business days.

3. COMPENSATION
3.1 Client shall pay Service Provider a monthly fee of $12,000 for the Services.
3.2 Payment is due within thirty (30) days of invoice date.
3.3 Late payments shall incur a penalty of 2.0% per month on the outstanding balance.
3.4 All fees are non-refundable except as expressly set forth herein.
3.5 Client shall provide a retainer of $24,000 prior to commencement of Services.

4. INDEMNIFICATION
4.1 Service Provider shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Client, its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or relating to any breach of this Agreement by Service Provider.
4.2 Client shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Service Provider from and against any and all claims arising out of or relating to Clients use of the Services.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
5.1 All work product, deliverables, and materials created by Service Provider in connection with the Services shall be the sole and exclusive property of Client.
5.2 Service Provider retains all rights, title, and interest in its pre-existing intellectual property and tools.
5.3 Service Provider grants Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free license to use any tools or methodologies used in providing the Services.
5.4 Service Provider shall not use any Client data for purposes other than performing the Services under this Agreement.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY
6.1 Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all proprietary information received from the other party.
6.2 Confidentiality obligations shall survive termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 4 (INDEMNIFICATION), NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY.
7.2 Service Providers total aggregate liability under this Agreement shall not exceed the total fees paid by Client under this Agreement.

8. NON-COMPETE
8.1 During the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination, Service Provider shall not provide substantially similar services to any direct competitor of Client within the State of California.

9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
9.1 Any disputes arising under this Agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
9.2 The arbitration shall take place in San Francisco, California.
9.3 The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees and costs.

10. GOVERNING LAW
10.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
11.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations, and agreements.
